Replace ImageCache, DataCache with URLCache (#3930)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed the unmatched language issue of some localized strings in the feedback view. ([#4007](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4007))
* Added `NavigationSettings.utilizeSensorData` toggle to allow navigator to use additional device sensors data for better positioning. ([#3973](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3973))

> * Kept the road shield image resources after quiting and relaudnching the application. ([#3930](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3930))

Reviewer: Proposed changelog entry:
```suggestion
* Road shield images are now cached and re-used across multiple application sessions. ([#3930](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3930))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, the changeLog entry is added
